# 301 An element mixin should contain all styles that affect this element. No other code should affect the element in question.

Let's say you have a button with a label. That label should have an offset to the top of the button of 10px. Except if the button is part of a slider. In this case, the label should be at the top. The most straight forward way of doing so while still following bem-plus methodology would be like this:

❌ Discouraged
```scss
// button.scss
@mixin button-root {
    position: relative;
}

@mixin button-label {
    position: absolute;
    top: 10px;
}

@mixin button {
    .button {
        @include button-root;

        &__label {
            @include button-label;
        }
    }
}

// slider.scss
@mixin slider-root {
    position: relative;

    .button__label {
        top: 0;
    }
}

@mixin slider {
    .slider {
        @include slider-root;
    }
}
```

However, both `button.scss` and `slider.scss` might contain a lot of other styles, hundreds of lines potentially. There might also be a header, a footer, a cta, all of which have their own definitions and alterations of `.button__label`. Every time you change something about the `button__label` in `button.scss`, you have to ask yourself if this will really affect every `.button__label` element, or if some `.button__label` elements will need some sort of special treatment because they are a descendent of some other class.

Luckily, there's a way to remove this ambiguity:

✅ Correct
```scss
// button.scss
@mixin button-root {
    position: relative
}

@mixin button-label {
    position: absolute;
    top: 10px;

    @at-root .slider & {
        top: 0;
    }
}

@mixin button {
    .button {
        @include button-root;

        &__label {
            @include button-label;
        }
    }
}

// slider.scss
@mixin slider-root {
    position: relative;
}

@mixin slider {
    .slider {
        @include slider-root;
    }
}
```

With this code, everything that affects the `button__label` block is found in the `button-label` mixin. If you use `@at-root` consistently, you can make sure that this is true for every element mixin, which vastly reduces ambiguity, uncertainty and removes potential bugs before they even occur. If you edit the `button-label` mixin now, you can be certain that it will only affect the `.button__label`, no other elements. And if you look at the whole mixin, you can be certain that you consider all the places where this class is used, without having to search for this class in all other files.

You can read more about `@at-root` and the `&` selector [here](https://css-tricks.com/the-sass-ampersand/).
