# 304 Keep your code DRY, but do not abstract things that you wouldn't want to change together. When in doubt, DO repeat yourself.

DRY is important, but being able to change one thing with confidence that it will not change an unrelated other thing is more important. By using a utility mixin, you essentially say: "Those elements now belong to a group, and those are the styles that apply to the group as a whole." This can make sense, but designs often iterate. Designers and clients change their minds. Additional components are needed or existing ones change. Make sure you design your utility mixins in a way that they can withstand such changes, or err on the side of caution and don't abstract the code at all.

Ask yourself: Is it more likely that you'll have to change all those elements together in the future, or is it more likely that you will encounter one or several exceptions?

If the places you plan to use your abstractions are few and the chance of exceptions is high, maybe don't abstract it, even if that means duplicating code.

Because DRY is such an important concept in programming languages (and rightly so!), it is assumed that it must apply to CSS as well, but in reality, it is much more common that you want to change "this thing" and *only* "this thing". And even if you do have to change "all occurrences where you repeated yourself" together in the future, a search and replace often takes care of things.

Finally, utility mixins add complexity. Quite often, setting up, maintaining and deciding over and over again whether to use this utility mixin you created is more time-consuming than simply repeating yourself a couple of times. And do your coworkers know of this utility mixin? Will they actually use it or will they implement the same couple lines of code again anyway?

All of this does not mean you should *never* use utility mixins, they can be extremely useful tools, it only means that creating a utility mixin is not always the right decision.
