# 601 The name of the element mixin should be `[block]-[element]`, for example `.header__title` becomes `header-title`.

It can be tempting to name the mixin the same as the element class, with the `__`, but there's several reasons this is not a good idea:

Using the recommended `-`, if you search for `header-title` you find the mixin, plus where it is used in the index. Either case, it's exactly what you're looking for. If your mixin is named `header__title`, you have to search for `header__title` to find it, but this way, you also find other things:

- All the places you use the `header__title` class, or a modifier thereof, in your templates.
- All the places you use the `header__title` as part of an `@at-root` selector.

This can be anywhere from three to dozens of places. bem-plus aims to make it as simple as possible to find what you are looking for. For many programmers, searching is a very important, if not the primary way of getting around their working environment. If you add even a click or two, even a couple extra seconds of thinking about where you find what you're looking for, this can slow you down significantly.

Additionally, kebab case is the generally accepted naming convention for mixins in the scss community, used, among many other places, on [the official website of sass](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/at-rules/mixin/).

❌ Discouraged
```scss
@mixin header__title {
    // ...
}

@mixin header {
    &__title {
        @include header__title;
    }
}
```

✅ Correct
```scss
@mixin header-title {
    // ...
}

@mixin header {
    &__title {
        @include header-title;
    }
}
```
